SATURDAY, JUNE 21st, ISLAMIS
EXTREMIST CAPTURE AN IRAQI TOW
BORDERING SYRIA.
>>> IN OUR SIGNATURE SEGMENT
SHOULD DESPERATELY ILL PATIENT
BE ALLOWED TO TAKE MEDICATIO
NOT APPROVED BY THE FDA.
>> IF MY DAUGHTER THINKS THI
COULD HELP ME HEALTHWISE, THEN
THAT'S UP TO MY DOCTOR
>>> THIS MIGHT FETCH $45
MILLION.
IS IT WORTH IT
NEXT ON PBS NEWS HOUR.
FROM THE TISH WNET STUDIOS, THIS
IS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
I'M ALLISON STEWART.
SUNNI EXTREMISTS MADE NEW GAIN
IN IRAQ.
MILITANTS LED BY THE ISLAMIC
STATE OF IRAQ IN SYRIA CAPTURE
THE TOWN OF AL QAIM, 170 MILES
SOUTHWEST OF BAGHDAD
MANY HEAVILY ARMED AND WEARING
FATIGUES PARADED IN BAGHDAD AN
OTHER MOSTLY SHIITE CITIES I
IRAQ
THE SUNNI MILITANTS NOW CAPTURED
SIGNIFICANT PORTION THE OF
NORTHERN AND WESTERN IRAQ.
TURNING NOW TO UKRAINE
PRO-RUSSIAN SEPARATISTS ATTACKED
MILITARY POSTS ALONG THE BORDE
WITH RUSSIA WOUNDING NIN
UKRAINIAN OFFICERS
THE ATTACKS CAME AS POROSHENKO
DECLARED A UNILATERAL WEEK-LON
CEASE-FIRE
PRO-RUSSIAN FORCES CLAIM TROOP
ARE STILL CONDUCTING MILITAR
OPERATIONS
THE KREMLIN ALSO CALLED FOR
CEASE-FIRE
65,000 SOLDIERS WERE PLACED IN
CENTRAL RUSSIA ON COMBAT ALERT
>>> MORE VIOLENCE IN WESTERN
CHINA WHERE MUSLIM EXTREMIST
HAVE BEEN CONDUCTING A SERIES OF
TERROR ATTACKS
AUTHORITIES SAY THEY KILLED 13
MEN AFTER THEY DROVE A TRUCK
INTO A POLICE STATION AND SE
YOU EXPLOSIVES
THREE POLICE OFFICERS WERE
WOUNDED DURING THE INCIDENT.
LAST MONTH A BOMBING KILLED 43
PEOPLE IN THE SAME AREA.
>>> BACK IN THE UNITED STATES,
THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH DEVOTE
TO DIVEST $21 MILLION OF STOCK
IN COMPANIES WHOSE PRODUCTS AR
USED BY ISRAEL ON THE WEST BANK.
THE CHURCH SAYS THE PRODUCTS
CAUSE HUMAN HURT TO PALESTINIANS
THERE.
AT AN ANNUAL CONVENTION IN
DETROIT YESTERDAY, THEY VOTED TO
SELL SHAOURS IN HEWLETT-PACKARD,
MOTOROLA
THE ISRAELI EMBASSY IN
WASHINGTON CALLED THE VOTE
SHAMEFUL IN A STATEMENT ON ITS
FACEBOOK PAGE.
>>> PTSD CONTINUES TO LAG.
THE REPORT SAYS LAST YEAR JUST
MORE THAN 50% OF THOSE WITH TH
DISORDER RECEIVED TH
RECOMMENDED TREATMENT.
FAR BELOW THE DEPARTMENT O
VETERAN AFFAIRS TARGET OF 67%.
ESTIMATES ARE THAT ABOUT 1 IN 12
SERVICE MEMBERS WHO SERVED I
THE WARS IN AFGHANISTAN AND IRAQ
MAY HAVE PTSD.
ACCORDING TO THE LATES
ACCOUNTING IN 2012, TH
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND TH
V.A. SPENT A TOTAL OF MORE THA
$3 BILLION TREATING TH
DISORDER
>>> AND THE CHEMIST WHO INVENTED
KEVLAR HAS DIED.
STEPHANIE WAS DESCRIBED AS A
PIONEER FOR WOMEN IN SCIENCE B
HER FORMER EMPLOYER DUPONT
SHE CREATED KEVLAR IN TH
MID-1960s.
IT'S BEEN USED IN BULLET-PROOF
VESTS SINCE THE '70s AND
BELIEVED TO SAVE THE LIVES O
THOUSANDS OF POLICE OFFICERS AND
AMERICAN TROOPS IN THE YEARS
SINCE.
STEPHANIE WAS 90
>>> TO ANALYZE THE LATEST ON THE
SITUATION IN IRAQ, GIDEON ROSE
IS WITH THE COUNSEL OF FOREIGN
RELATIONS AND EDITOR OF FOREIG
AFFAIRS MAGAZINE
WE GOT INTO IT AS SOON AS YO
GOT INTO THE STUDIO.
A BORDER TOWN ALONG SYRIA WA
CAPTURED BY SUNNI ISLAMISTS.
HOW IMPORTANT IS THIS POWE
GRAB
>> THE SUNNI JIHADISTS, ISIS
GROUP, IS TAKING A LOT O
TERRITORY.
BUT THE ONES THEY ARE TAKING ARE
SUNNI, LARGELY DESERT AND NO
PARTICULARLY STRAOEPBLGICILY
IMPORTANT.
A BATTLE OF POWER IN IRA
BETWEEN THE SHIA IN THE SOUTH,
THE KURDS IN THE NORTHEAST AND
THE SUNNIS IN OTHER AREAS.
>> SOMETHING IS HAPPENING WITHIN
THE SUNNI EXTREMISTS
YOU PREDICTED A SPLINTERIN
STARTING TO HAPPEN BETWEEN
LOYALISTS OF ISIL.
>> SUNNIS ARE UNITED IN NO
LIKING THE SHIITES AND THE
KURDS.
BUT THERE ARE DIFFERENT GROUPS
WITHIN THE SUNNI COMMUNITY AND
DIFFERENT GROUPS THAT ARE LESS
RADICAL.
EUS EUS HAS BEEN DISOWNED BY A
QAEDA BECAUSE OF THEIR BRUTAL.
SO THEY ARE REALLY BAD PEOPLE.
AND THEY HAVE FOUGHT THEIR OWN
EXTREMISTS
WILL THERE BE ENOUGH UNITY T
BUILD A SUNNI STATE.
THE MOST EXTREME GROUPS BENEFI
FROM CHAOS BECAUSE THEY THRIVE
BY PROVIDING PROTECTION TO THEIR
LITTLE AREAS
>> SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERRY
WILL SPEND FIVE DAYS OVERSEA
TALKING ABOUT THIS
GOING TO JORDAN.
LET'S TALK ABOUT JORDAN'S PART
IN THIS WHOLE CONFLICT
>> IT WANTS TO STAY OUT.
IT ALWAYS GETS REFUGEES AND TH
COLLATERAL DAMAGE.
THEY WANT TO NOT BE DESTABILIZED
FURTHER.
WE WILL BE ABLE TO KEEP JORDAN
FROM BEING TOO DESTABILIZED.
BUT ON AN OVERALL POLICY
SETTLEMENT PROBABLY LIKELY TO BE
ABOUT AS SUCCESSFUL AS THE
AVERAGE OF HIS UKRAINE
NEGOTIATIONS AND HIS
ISRAELI/PALESTINIAN NEGOTIATIO
STPWHRS HE'S GOING TO GO T
PARIS AND TALK TO ARAB GUL
NATION LEADERS
>> YOU GET PEOPLE TO AGREE NOT
TO FUEL THE CONFLICT BY BACKIN
THEIR LOCAL PROXIES.
SUNNIS PACKING THE SUNNIS,
IRANIANS BACKING THE SHIA AN
EVERYBODY FUELING A CIVIL WA
THERE.
IF YOU CAN KEEP A LID ON IT,
THAT'S OKAY.
>> ONE THING WE WERE DISCUSSIN
BEFORE STARTING THE FORMAL
INTERVIEW, WHAT IS THE IRAQ TO
THE UNITED STATES RIGHT NOW?
IS IT IT IS WHAT IT IS
SHOULD WE APPROACH BASED ON OU
HISTORY?
APPROACH ON WHAT WE WANT IRAQ TO
BE
WHAT IS IT RIGHT NOW
>> WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON RIGH
NOW IS THE QUESTION OF DEFININ
WHAT AMERICA'S CORE INTEREST
ARE.
THE PRESIDENT REMARKABLY SEEMS
TO HAVE NO PARTICULAR INTEREST
IN SOME COSTS EITHER SAYING
TOLD YOU SO, WE SHOULDN'T GE
BACK IN.
OR WE HAVE TO GO IN TO VALIDAT
OUR PREVIOUS COMMITMENT.
HE'S BASICALLY SAYING WHAT'S THE
CURRENT THREAT AND THE FUTUR
THREAT AND HOW SHOULD I ASSESS
THIS
THE REAL QUESTIONS THA
AMERICANS HAVE TO AS
THEMSELVES, IF IRAQ DOES GO INTO
CHAOS, HOW MUCH WILL THIS BLOW
BACK TO US AND IS THERE ANYTHING
WE CAN REALLY DO ABOUT IT.
>> GIDEON ROSE, "FOREIGN AFFAIRS
MAGAZINE," THANK YOU SO MUCH
>> THANK YOU
>>> NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT.
TONIGHT THE GROWING MOVEMENT T
ALLOW TERMINALLY ILL PATIENT
THE RIGHT TO TAKE DRUGS THAT
HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED BY TH
FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION
EVEN IF THOSE MEDICATIONS AR
POTENTIALLY DANGEROUS THE TH
IDEA IS TPHOEUPB AS THE RIGHT TO
TRY.
A NUMBER OF STATES HAVE ALREAD
APPROVED LEGISLATION EMBRACING
THE IDEA
MISSOURI IS ONE OF THEM.
NEWS HOUR CORRESPONDENT STEVEN
TRAVELED THERE RECENTLY TO
REPORT THE STORY
>> Reporter: IN EARLY 2013
CHRISTINA BROGAN WAS PREGNAN
WITH HER FIFTH CHILD BEGAN
EXPERIENCING EXCRUCIATING PAIN
AND HER OBSTETRICIAN DIDN'T KNOW
WHY.
>> MY MOM WENT WITH ME TO AN
APPOINTMENT AND SAID YOU HAVE TO
FIND OUT WHY SHE IS HURTING SO
BAD.
SO THEY DID AN ULTRASOUND AN
KNITTED ME IN THE O.E.
>> WHAT DID THEY FIND?
>> THEY FOUND THE TUMOR.
THEY FOUND IT HAD GONE UP INTO
MY LIVER
>> CHRISTINA, AT THE AGE OF 39
WAS OPERATING WITH STAGE 4
COLORECTAL CANCER.
>> WHAT WAS THAT LIKE?
WHAT WAS GOING THROUGH YOUR ED
>> I CAN'T SAY I HAD A NORMA
THOUGHT IN MY HEAD
I WAS SCARED FOR ME BABIES
SCARED FOR ME.
SCARED FOR MY FAMILY
>> HER DOCTORS NEEDED TO TAK
AGGRESSIVE MEASURES TO FIGHT THE
DISEASE AND CHOSE TO PERFORM A
C-SECTION 28 WEEKS INTO HE
PREGNANCY.
TODAY HER SON EVAN IS A HAPP
AND HEALTHY 1-YEAR-OLD
CHRISTINA, HOWEVER, IS BATTLIN
A DISEASE WITH DISSPIRITING ODDS
EVEN WITH REGULAR CHEMOTHERAPY
TREATMENT.
>> WHAT DID THEY TELL YOU YOUR
FUTURE LOOKED LIKE
>> THEY DIDN'T
AND I DON'T WANT THEM TO
I WILL DO WHAT THE DOCTORS SAY
DO MY BEST TO GET BETTER
THAT'S MY HUSBAND JEFF
>> WHILE HER FOUR OTHER BOYS AND
HUSBAND JEFF LIVE IN GALITON
MISSOURI, CHRISTINA MOVED 30
MINUTES AWAY TO WHERE HE
MOTHER, SISTER, AND STEPFATHER
CAN HELP CARE FOR HER.
HER STEPFATHER IS A PRACTICING
PHYSICIAN AT THE LOCAL HOSPITAL.
>> I THINK AS YOU AGE YOU TEND
TO RECOGNIZE THE SANCTITY OF
LIFE
THROUGH THE PROCESS OF LIVIN
YOU HAVE BEEN ABLE TO DEAL WIT
A LOT OF HEARTACHE IN YOUR
ACTIVITIES
>> NEELY HAS DECIDED TO MAKE
PUBLIC THIS VERY PRIVATE FAMIL
MATTER
SEE, IN ADDITION TO BEING A, DID
HE JUST FINISHED HIS FIRST TER
AS A REPUBLICAN LAWMAKER IN TH
MISSOURI HOUSE O
REPRESENTATIVES.
>> THANK YOU, MR. SPEAKER.
>> THIS YEAR HE INTRODUCED A
BILL THAT WOULD ALLOW TERMINALLY
ILL PEOPLE TO TAKE UNAPPROVE
EXPERIMENTAL MEDICATION OUTSID
A CLINICAL TRIAL AND WITHOUT THE
FEDERAL DEPOSIT'S GO AHEAD
IT'S CALLED THE RIGHT TO TRY
>> LET'S TRY
LET A PERSON BE IN CHARGE OF
THEIR LIFE
AND I'M NOT SAYING THIS IS THE
ANSWER FOR EVERYBODY
BUT IT'S AN ANSWER OUT IN THAT
IF WE CAN MOVE FORWARD AND WE'RE
GOING TO GAIN ACCESS TO CARE, WE
WANT OPTIONS IN LIFE
AND THAT'S WHAT THIS BILL IS
TRYING TO ACCOMPLISH
>> PATIENTS AND THEIR DOCTOR
CAN ALREADY PETITION A DRU
COMPANY TO TRY A
INVESTIGATIONAL MEDICINE EVE
OUTSIDE A TRIAL.
BUT THEY NEED APPROVAL FROM TH
FEDERAL FOOD AND DRU
ADMINISTRATION
RIGHT TO TRY BILLS ARE STATE
LAWS THAT WOULD BYPASS THA
FEDERAL APPROVAL STEP AN
SIMILAR MEASURES ARE GAINING
GROUND NATIONWIDE.
HERE IN MISSOURI, THE RIGHT TO
TRY LAW PASSED WITH UNANIMOU
SUPPORT IN THE STATE
LEGISLATURE, AS IT DID I
COLORADO AND LOUISIANA
AND THIS FALL, ARIZONA VOTER
WILL HAVE THEIR OWN VERSION OF
RIGHT TO TRY ON THE BALLOT
THIS MAY, COLORADO'S DEMOCRATI
GOVERNOR SIGNED THE FIRST RIGH
TO TRY BILL.
LIKE MISSOURI'S LAW PASSED BY
REPUBLICAN LEGISLATURE, IT CUT
THE FED OUT OF THE PICTURE
>> PATIENTS SHOULD BE ABLE T
TRY A TREATMENT EVEN THOUGH IT
HASN'T BEEN APPROVED
IT'S AN ATTEMPT TO SAVE THEI
LIFE
>> LAWMAKERS IN THE STATE BEGA
CALLING THE MEASURE DALLAS
BUYERS CLUB BILL AFTER THE 201
OSCAR WINNING FILM ABOUT AID
PATIENTS SEEKING UNAPPROVE
MEDICATION AND ONE MAN'S EFFORTS
TO SIDE STEP FEDERAL RULES
ADDING TO THE COLORADO BILL'
MOMENTUM, THE STORY OF
41-YEAR-OLD DENVER DAD NIC
AUDEN.
HIS FAMILY MAY AN EMOTIONA
ONLINE APPEAL FOR AN
EXPERIMENTAL DRUG.
HE WAS ON A TRIAL BU
DISQUALIFIED AFTER A
COMPLICATION
>> IF THERE'S A CHANCE WORTH
TAKING IT, IF THERE'S
POSSIBILITY, WE'RE GOING TO BE
PART OF THAT POSSIBILITY
>> WHAT'S MORE, A CONSERVATIVE
THINK TANK IN ARIZONA.
THE GOLDWATER INSTITUTE LENT ITS
SUPPORT TO THE RIGHT TO TR
MOVEMENT, EVEN HELPING LAWMAKERS
LIKE JIM NEELY DRAFT
LEGISLATION.
>> THE DECISION TO USE SAFE NE
MEDICATIONS OUT OF THE HANDS O
BUREAUCRATS.
>> WHILE THE FDA DOESN'T TAKE
POSITION ON RIGHT TO TRY LAWS,
THE THE AGENCY SAYS IT ALREADY
HAS AT LEAST THREE PATHWAYS TO
ALLOW PATIENTS ACCESS TO
EXPERIMENTALS.
THERE ARE CLINICAL TRIALS, O
COURSE
THOSE ARE RUN BY DRUG COMPANIE
AND OVERSEEN BY FEDERA
REGULATORS
BUT IF THE PATIENT DOESN'T
QUALIFY, THE FDA ALLOW
INDIVIDUALS AND EVEN GROUPS OF
PATIENTS TO APPLY FOR ACCESS T
EXPERIMENTAL MEDS OUTSIDE
TRIAL.
SINCE 2009, THE FDA SAYS IT HA
GREEN LIT 99% OF THOSE
INDIVIDUAL AND GROUP
APPLICATIONS
>> THE AGENCY HAS A PATHWAY.
IT SEEMS TO WORK QUITE WELL.
AND I'M NOT SURE WHAT THE STAT
RIGHT TO TRY BILLS REALLY ADD TO
THAT
IN FACT, I THINK MIGHT TAKE AWAY
SOME OF THE SAFETY ADVANTAGE
PEOPLE HAVE WHERE YOU HAVE
UNUSUAL REVIEW BOARDS, SOMEBOD
CHECKING TO MAKE SURE TH
PATIENTS FULLY ARE AWARE OF WHAT
THEY ARE GETTING INTO AND WHAT'S
THE BALANCE WE KNOW ABOUT THIS
PARTICULAR PRODUCT
>> IF YOU PAY ATTENTION TO THE
NEWS, PEOPLE PAY EXTRAORDINARY
PRICES FOR A PIECE OF HISTORY.
THE MAN SCRIPTS FROM JOH
LENNON
A 1 CENT STAMP FROM THE 1800S.
$142 MILLION FOR THIS PAINTING
BY FRANCIS BACON
BIDS FOR THIS 18TH CENTURY
VIOLA.
ONE OF THE TEN BELIEVED TO
EXIST.
THEY ARE EXPECTED TO START A
$45 MILLION.
THAT MAKES PLENTY OF SENSE T
SOME PEOPLE, MUCH LESS T
OTHERS
NEWS HOUR'S HANNAH YEE REPORTS
>> IT'S 15 MINUTES BEFORE
CONCERT IN NEW YORK CITY AND
VIOLA PLAYER AARON CARPENTER I
WARMING UP
IT'S SPECIAL
HE IS USING A VIOLA NEARLY 300
YEARS OLD.
>> THE INSTRUMENT HEARD BY ALL
THESE GREAT COMPOSERS, JUST TO
SEE WHERE THE TIMELINE OF THIS
INSTRUMENT IN WORLD HISTORY IS
IT'S QUITE SOMETHING
>> EIGHT OF THE MUSICIANS AR
ALSO USING INSTRUMENTS
THEY ARE JUST AS NAMED
STRADIVARIUS NAMED AFTER THE
SAME 18th CENTURY ITALIAN.
>> IT WAS THE DA VINCI OF HI
TIME
THE MASTER CRAFTSMAN
IT IS GENIUS WHAT HE DID
THEY SURVIVED 300 YEARS AN
STILL SOUND GLORIOUS
>> ON THIS NIGHT, CARPENTER IS
PLAYING THE STRADIVARIUS AT AN
EVENT AND THE AUCTION HOUSE IS
EXPECTING THE INSTRUMENT AND
EXPECTS TO SELL IT FOR MORE THAN
$45 MILLION.
TO CARPENTER IT IS WORTH IT.
>> PEOPLE WHO ARE WILLING TO
SPEND OVER $100 MILLION.
A GREAT DA VINCI PAINTING, I PUT
THIS IN THE SAME CATEGORY AS THE
MASTER WORKS AND I THINK THESE
HAVE ESCAPED OUR CIVILIZATIO
AND CULTURE WITHOUT THEM
WE WOULD HAVE THE SAME
INSTRUMENTS TODAY.
>> BUT TO OTHERS LIKE THIS
VIOLIN MAKER WHO HAS BEEN MAKING
HIGH END VIOLINS FOR NEARLY 30
YEARS, THAT PRICE IS TOO HIGH.
ESPECIALLY WHEN THE BEST
INSTRUMENTS USED B
PROFESSIONALS TODAY TYPICALL
COST AROUND $50,000.
A MINISCULE FRACTION OF WHAT
THAT STRADIVARIUS IS EXPECTED TO
COST
>> WHAT MAKES A STRAT GREAT?
I FIND THAT IT ASSUMES THAT AL
STRATS ARE GREAT
>> HE MAKES HIS VIOLINS BY HAND,
USING THE SEASONTH CENTURY
TOOLS.
HE ALSO INCORPORATES 21S
CENTURY TECHNOLOGY LIKE TH
SCANS AND 3D LASERS.
HOW THE WOOD VIBRATES TO THE
SAKE OF THE SOUND HOLE
HE THINKS THE SOUND QUALITY AR
AS GORGEOUS.
>> I COULDN'T TELL THE
DIFFERENCE
I HAD TO ADMIT I PREFERRED M
OWN VIOLINS AT THIS POINT.
AND THEN SOME OF MY CLIENTS WERE
TELLING ME THE SAME THING.
>> COULD THIS INSTRUMENT
POSSIBLY SOUND AS GOOD A
STRATS
THE FRENCH RESEARCHER WANTED T
FIND OUT
SO TWO YEARS AGO, JUST OUTSIDE
OF PARIS, SHE BLINDFOLDED 10
INTERNATIONAL SOLOISTS
THEY PLAYED BOTH MODERN VIOLIN
AND STRADS
THE MUSICIANS POSTED THE VIOLINS
IN A HOTEL ROOM AND WITH A FUL
ORCHESTRA AT A CONCERT HALL.
IN A SKYPE INTERVIEW, THEY SAI
MANY OF THE SOLOISTS COULDN'
TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN TH
NEW AND THE OLD VIOLINS.
IN FACT MANY TOOK THE MODERN
VIOLINS AS THEIR FAVORITE.
>> THIS WAS NOT THE CASE
PEOPLE WOULD HAVE BEEN ABLE TO
SENSE IT AUTOMATICALLY
>> OTHERWISE IT'S THE PRICE TO
PAY.
>> MAYBE THIS ENTIRE DEBAT
ABOUT THE QUALITY OF SOUND
MISSES A BIGGER POINT.
THAT MUSIC LOVERS OR INVESTORS
ON THE STRADIVARIUS ARE MORE
INTERESTED IN OWNING A PIECE O
HISTORY.
>> WHEN YOU ARE KIND OF PUTTIN
ONE AGAINST THE OTHER, IT'
ALMOST DISRESPECTFUL T
STRADIVARIUS
AT THE END OF THE DAY, THE
MODERN INSTRUMENTS ARE PRETT
MUCH COPIES.
TO SAY THAT ONE IS BETTER THAN
THE OTHER, YOU HAVE TO TAKE INTO
ACCOUNT THE HISTORY AS WELL.
>> AND IN THIS CASE OF THI
STRADIVARIUS, HISTORY WILL COM
AT A PRICE
STARTING AT $45 MILLION.
>> THIS IS PBS NEWS HOUR WEEKEND
SATURDAY
>>> BRAZIL WENT TO GREAT EXPENSE
TO PREPARE FOR THE 2014 WORL
CUP.
ONE EVENT IN SAO PAULO COST $400
MILLION, BUT THEY BROUGH
HARDSHIP FOR MANY OF THE POO
LEFT HOMELESS.
GEAR ARROW GUILLERMO FRO
ENGLAND'S CHANNEL 4 REPORTS.
>> THIS IS BRAZIL'S NE
HOMELAND
>> UNABLE TO PAY HIS RENT, H
CAME HERE A MONTH AGO WITH 1,000
OTHER FAMILIES
THEY SET UP CAMP ON THIS
WASTELAND.
>> NOTHING INVOLVED.
>> THEY CALL IT THE PEOPLE'S
CUP.
HE SHARES HIS NEW HOME WITH TW
OTHER FAMILIES AND THEIR
CHILDREN
THREE GENERATIONS UNDER ON
PLASTIC ROOF
[SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE
>> THEY MAKE A PLASTIC SHEETIN
WITH NO ELECTRICITY OR RUNNING
WATER.
NOW HOUSES 4,000 FAMILIES.
THE HOMELESS PEOPLE'S MOVEMENT
RUNS FIVE CAMPS LIKE THIS ONE IN
SAO PAULO ALONE, HOUSING 20,00
PEOPLE
AND IT'S A GROWING PROBLEM THA
PRICES EVERYWHERE SOAR
AFTER RECENT PROTESTS HERE THA
PEOPLE HERE WANT A GOVERNMEN
PLEDGE OF 2,000 NEW HOMES.
WHEN THE ATTENTION WANES, THEY
WILL SEE THAT PROMISE ESCAPE
>>> A FEW UPDATES BEFORE W
LEAVE YOU TONIGHT.
THE UNITED NATIONS SAID ON
MILLION IRAQIS HAVE BEEN
DISPLACED AT THE START OF TH
YEAR, MANY FOLLOWING THE RECEN
OFFENSIVE BOY RADICAL ISLAMISTS.
IN THIS COUNTRY, NEARL
TWO-THIRDS OF SENIOR EXECUTIVE
AT THE VETERANS AFFAIR
DEPARTMENT RECEIVED PERFORMANC
BONUSES LAST YEAR, THIS DESPIT
WIDESPREAD PROBLEMS THROUGHOUT
THE V.A. SYSTEM.
THE GOVERNMENT IS TAKING STEPS
TO BAN DRONES IN NATIONAL PARK
AND BECAUSE OF CONSERVATIO
EFFORTS THE NUMBER OF GREA
WHITE SHARKS IS UP OFF THE EAS
AND WEST COASTS.
SCIENTISTS SAY ATTACKS ON HUMANS
ARE EXTREMELY RARE
THAT'S IT FOR THIS HOUR OF NEW
HOUR WEEKEND
I HOPE YOU WILL JOIN U
TOMORROW
I'M ALLISON STEWART, GOOD NIGHT.